- COLE: Good night, princess.
- JODIE: Is Nathan okay?
When will I see him again?
- COLE: (SIGHS)
I don't know, honey.
He hasn't left his office since three days.
He loved his wife and daughter
more than anything in the world.
But we can try again tomorrow, okay?
You get some sleep.
(DOOR SHUTS)
(OMINOUS NOISE)
- NATHAN: (CRYING)
Jodie.
What're you doing here? It's late.
Go back to bed.
- JODIE: (IN LAURA VOICE)
Don't be sad, daddy.
- NATHAN: (QUIETLY)
What?
What did you say?
- JODIE: (IN LAURA VOICE)
It was so quick.
Mommy couldn't do anything.
But it didn't hurt.
- NATHAN: Stop it, Jodie!
- JODIE: (IN LAURA VOICE)
It didn't hurt at all.
- NATHAN: You hear me?
Stop it right now!
- JODIE: (IN HELEN VOICE)
We are here, Nathan.
We're right by your side.
- NATHAN: Helen.
Laura.
- JODIE: (IN HELEN VOICE)
We love you, darling.
We'll always love you.
- NATHAN: Talk to me again.
Jodie!
Make them come back.
Make them come back again!
- JODIE: I can't. They've gone.
- NATHAN: Please.
Don't leave me.
I miss them so much.